README.md, before:

Hey, I’m Amjad, I am a student who enjoys C++ 
Into graphics programming and all the rendering behind how things actually show up on screen.

I enjoy building games and interactive worlds — there’s something addictive about making something you can walk around in... and run.

Graphics is honestly one of my biggest passions. Cool things like pelines,, engine, also a full-on C++ enthusiast






# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white) 
---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=AmjadAlthabteh&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README introduction and focus on graphics
Updated personal introduction to focus on C++ graphics programming and real-time rendering.

README.md, after:

Focused on C++ graphics programming, real-time rendering, and engine development. Love creating interactive worlds and digging into the full rendering pipeline to understand how everything ends up on screen.






# 💻 Tech Stack:
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white) 
---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=AmjadAlthabteh&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
